About Us
MEET Real Invest Funding LLC YOUR PARTNER IN YOUR REAL ESTATE INVESTING SUCCESS.
Welcome to Real Invest Funding LLC, where we transcend the role of a conventional private money lender. We take pride in being your committed partner on the journey towards building enduring and sustainable wealth through real estate investments. Our CEO Antoinette Y Attoh has forged a reputation that hinges on the belief that your success is our success. At Real Invest Funding LLC, we prioritize our clients’ needs above all else, laying the groundwork for our mission: to seamlessly bridge the gap between your real estate aspirations and the realization of tangible, lasting results.

WHY CHOOSE Real Invest Funding LLC?
Proven Expertise: Our team brings a wealth of knowledge to guide your investment decisions.
Tailored Solutions: We understand that each investment journey is unique. Our solutions are personalized to align with your goals and aspirations.
Comprehensive Services: From Private Money Lending to Joint Ventures, we cover all aspects of real estate investment funding. We also provide Proof of Funds Letters, Collateral DNA Reports and Lead Lists from anywhere in the country.
Integrity and Trust: Our commitment to transparency and ethical practices ensures your confidence in every investment choice.
Results-Driven: Our track record of success speaks for itself, demonstrating our ability to deliver impressive returns and market-ready properties.
REAL ESTATE SOLUTIONS WE PROVIDE
Private Money Lending
Joint Venture Funding Solutions
Commercial Loans
Ground up Construction Loans
Bridge Loans
Jumbo Loans
Rental Loans
Fix and Flip Loans
Proof Of Funds
Collateral DNA Reports
Debt Stack Reports
Leads in Your Market (leads off-market properties, ensuring a competitive edge by avoiding saturation from other investors in your area)
At Real Invest Funding LLC, our goal is to provide comprehensive real estate investment services that help our clients achieve their investment objectives. Whether you’re a seasoned investor or just starting out, we have the expertise and resources to help you succeed.

WHAT MAKES US DIFFERENT
We use a state-of-the-art business management system, keeping our business extremely organized and efficient so that we’re able to spend less time shuffling paperwork and more time finding the right solutions for you. Real Invest Funding LLC primary focus is to help real estate investors scale their business with up to 100% funding for their real estate investments. We specialize in joint venture real estate transactions partnering with new and experienced investors alike. Regardless of how much experience, credit or money you may or may not have Real Invest Funding LLC is interested in partnering with you. Once you have a property under contract, contact us to start the process. You Bring the Deal; We bring the Money!

OUR TEAM
With a wealth of experience in the private money funding industry under our belts, our team and network of lenders have handled some of the most complicated real estate transactions on the market today. Whether you’re looking to fund your next fix and flip, rental property or in need of a refi, our goal is to find the perfect solution for you. We approach every transaction with the utmost professionalism and care and are dedicated to closing your transaction in the way that’s best for you.